{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Going into math grad school, I thought I would stay in academia, in particular mathematics, forever. I soon realized grad school wasn't for me. I thought maybe it was the lack of real-life application so I got a job at Wolfram where I could still stay in touch with my mathematical knowledge, and not just the analytical skills I had developed in grad school, but applying it directly to math content management. Programming was just an added bonus. However, after a few months at Wolfram, I realized that the part of grad school I enjoyed wasn't just the mathematical knowledge and the part of grad school I disliked wasn't just the lack of application. \
\
Parts of grad school I enjoyed:\
\\\\- Problem solving: Sitting down with a particular tough question, trying out different paths of solutions, asking my peers for help and brainstorming together to finally solve the problem.\
\\\\- Having a dictionary of highly technical vocabulary: Plainly put, I like technical jargon. We make up words with specific definitions to make communication within the field easier. \
\\\\- Teaching: Not in contrast, but in queue with my previous point, I enjoy explaining technical details in layman's terms. Highly specialized vocabulary has its place when brainstorming with colleagues but once a solution has been found, relaying the information to others who weren't part of your original discussion or even a student who doesn't have the proper background, I find extremely rewarding.\
\\\\- Colleagues: I enjoy being around knowledgeable and logical and ambitious and motivated people. \
\
Parts of grad school I didn't enjoy:\
\\\\- Lack of opportunities to explore different subjects: Grad school is very specialized; I like to dabble in a variety of things. Very adaptible.\
\\\\- Lack of application (my particular field): Rewarding to see real life results and feedback.\
\\\\- Slow pace: I need something more stimulating. Grad school is very sedentary. I like a place with travel opportunity (adapt quickly to change in location), having to be "on-call" 24/7 in face of a deadline. I need to be able to deliver results.\
\
\
Some place with the opportunity to grow.\
}