{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf390
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Problem Solving\
\
- all of my math classes are relevant\
- no consulting experience (closest is tutoring)\
- research on expander graphs\
\
achieving\
\
- undergraduate thesis approved for honors.\
- \
\
Personal\
\
- exposure to smart analytical people (math grad school)\
- people who are unfamiliar with the technical backend information (students) but are in need of a quick overview of necessary information\
- Native in English, Korean and high comprehension in scientific and technical vocabulary. \
\
Leadership\
\
- Teaching assistant \
\
1. Personal Impact\
- Most comfortable around rational and creative people. (math)\
- Extremely comfortable packaging technical details into easily understandable and presentable key concepts. (students)\
\
2. Entrepreneurial drive\
- Compelled to think of creative solutions to optimize traditional solutions (rewriting programs for Wolfram|Alpha to increase speed by tenfolds.)\
\
3. Problem-solving skills\
- Math training allows me to abstract the core of the problem from complicated fluff. \
- Diverse education background gives me a creative point of view.\
- Enjoy complicated puzzles (project euler)\
\
4. Orientation around achievement\
- Developing new content which goes live weekly for W|A LLC\
\
5. Leadership abilities\
- At W|A I work on exploratory projects before official teams are formed. I have been successful in this position due to my ability to identify the strengths and personalities of my coworkers and use their skills to add dimension to my projects.\
\
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.mckinsey.com/careers/join_us/resume_tips"}}{\fldrslt http://www.mckinsey.com/careers/join_us/resume_tips}}\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0  [[THIS IS HOW I LEARNED ABOUT YOUR COMPANY/ e.g. I learned about your work in High Tech through some article McKinsey recently published that got my interest. ]]\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
Mckinsey's global impact in fields ranging from healthcare to technology and result oriented philosophy caught my attention. In particular, I wish to work at Mckinsey because its prestige allows opportunities for people in different fields of study to succeed. \
\
\
\
It will be rewarding to use my problem-solving training to produce tangible results. I am excited by the prospect of working in a fast-paced environment with a team of analytical and ambitious peers. \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 3. Problem-solving skills\
- Math training allows me to abstract the core of the problem from complicated fluff. \
- Diverse education background gives me a creative point of view.\
- Enjoy complicated puzzles (project euler)\
\
Dear XYZ,\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 I would like to apply for an Associate position at the Los Angeles office of McKinsey. I have a Masters in mathematics from Purdue University and am currently working as a software developer for Wolfram Alpha LLC. Having spent the first twenty three years of my life dedicated to pure mathematics, I am ready to redirect my analytical skills to producing tangible results for clients.  \
\
\\vspace\{3mm\}\
McKinsey provides an opportunity to be around the kind of rational and creative people I am used to from math graduate school. Additionally, McKinsey's broad impact in fields ranging from healthcare to technology offers a chance to translate my teaching skills into presenting solutions to global clients.  [[GIVE EXAMPLE]]\
\
\\vspace\{3mm\}\
Due to my math background, I enjoy problem-solving and exploring creative solutions. For example, while maintaining math content for wolframalpha.com, I came across a strange error in finding the last nonzero digit of a number. I identified the source as one particular function and rewrote it using a completely different method, which improved the speed by 1000$\\%$. I am confident I will succeed in generating optimal strategies for clients due to my love for challenges, intuition in identifying problems and ability to devise creative solutions. \
\
\\vspace\{3mm\}\
At Wolfram Alpha, I often work on exploratory projects before official teams are formed. I have been successful in this position due to my unique type of leadership. I identify the strengths and personalities of my coworkers and employ their skills to add dimension to my projects. In addition, I am prepared for McKinsey's result-oriented philosophy as I currently develop new math content that goes live weekly. \
\
\\vspace\{3mm\}\
I take pride in my creativity and adaptability. I have been educated on three different continents and ten different schools since Kindergarten. Despite the instability, I have always been in the top of my class and in fact, I have leveraged my unique education background to develop a creative point of view. Unlike other applicants who may have problems adapting to the rigorous environment at McKinsey, I am ready to bring my analytical intuition and creativity to the company and strive. \
\
\\vspace\{3mm\}\
Thank you for your consideration. I look forward to discussing opportunities with you.\
}